README.md, before:

# Theme changer

An easy light to dark theme changer for my i3/kitty/neovim workflow.

# How it works

The script gets the current terminal colors, checks the background color and then handles every change of color from light to dark or viceversa.

## Wallpaper

Reads from a config file a list of wallpapers, gets one randomly according to the theme that it's setting and pipe it into `feh` to change it.

My config file looks something like this:

```
bright:
    island.png
    buildings.png
    desert.png

shine:
    island 2.png
    blackhole.png
    stars 1.png

```

## Kitty

I use [kitty](https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty) as a single instance listening on `/tmp/kitty` so running the command can affect all the open terminals. It sources the colorscheme file to the current instance of `kitty` and then a `sed` command replaces the configured colors on the config file.

## Neovim

Using [nvr](https://github.com/mhinz/neovim-remote) the script gets all the running neovim instances and then sends the command to change the colorscheme remotely to each of them.

Commit message:

Changing the wallpaper now changes betterlockscreen's image too.
Updating betterlockscreen's image makes the process way too slow so
updating the wallpaper now is done as the last step
Update the README.md with that change.

README.md, after:

# Theme changer

An easy light to dark theme changer for my i3/kitty/neovim workflow.

# How it works

The script gets the current terminal colors, checks the background color and then handles every change of color from light to dark or viceversa.

## Wallpaper

Reads from a config file a list of wallpapers, gets one randomly according to the theme that it's setting and pipe it into `feh` to change it.

After changing the wallpaper it also calls `betterlockscreen -u` with the same wallpaper to update the lockscreen too. This is done as the last step as it's the most time consuming.

My config file looks something like this:

```
bright:
    island.png
    buildings.png
    desert.png

shine:
    island 2.png
    blackhole.png
    stars 1.png

```

## Kitty

I use [kitty](https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty) as a single instance listening on `/tmp/kitty` so running the command can affect all the open terminals. It sources the colorscheme file to the current instance of `kitty` and then a `sed` command replaces the configured colors on the config file.

## Neovim

Using [nvr](https://github.com/mhinz/neovim-remote) the script gets all the running neovim instances and then sends the command to change the colorscheme remotely to each of them.
